# "Complete Microservice Architecture in Golang"

> Hey, can you please release structured video implementing complete microservice architecture in Golang (Aditya Jha)

This request made me chuckle a bit. Creating such a course would be
worth \$3000 US and most would hold that over everyone's head. I mean,
just to get CKAD is about \$800 and producing a video series like that
would go well beyond that. 

Think about it. It would have to cover all of concurrent Go programming
and several deep dives into specific core packages before learning
Protobuf and gRPC. It would have to have cover all of OpenAPI / Swagger.
It would have to handle Reddis and PostgreSQL. It would assume advanced
knowledge of not just Kubernetes, but the Kubernetes full API. It would
need to cover `FROM scratch` containers. The list just goes on and on.

There's a very solid reason no one can find anyone qualified to do this
sort of work. Very few humans on planet Earth know all this stuff
combined. Just think how few actually even know how to program in Go *at
all* or use the Linux command line from a terminal (not just VSCode).

And there's even more reason this sort of educational content just
doesn't exist. Those claiming to have it are woefully out of date or
lying to you because they don't cover it all. And just like no one is
making beginner books (that are good) on Go programming, those that
could make a good book aren't doing it because they are too busy filling
the roles described in the preceding paragraph. Think about Bill
Kennedy, for example, very capable Go programmer and trainer and he has
to work his ass off just to keep up with the Go language, not all of
this other stuff. 

Besides, why would anyone create all that content only
to have it rendered utterly useless within six months. To do this right,
someone would need to commit to cycling through the content every year
at the most to keep everything relevant. The Cloud Native Foundation is
already having this problem with their certification program being
completely out of date. I was considering a certification, then I
realized anyone hiring for these skills would immediately realize that
the paper I paid all that money for is now useless. Anyone *not*
realizing that would be someone I would never want to work for in the
first place. The CN people certainly mean well, but the pace of this
monster is just to high for anyone go keep up with. The entire fucking
industry just can't keep up.

So when one hopeful YouTube subscriber asks nonchalantly for a "complete
microservice architecture in Golang" video series, for free. Well, I'm
inclined to not even try.

